When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I would want to use a remote repository if i intend to collaborate with people on my project. So my colleagues could look at 
my work and make there own changes and work along with me. 


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Its beneficial to pull changes manually beacuse sometimes we might be working on something temporary or experimental which we may not want implemented on our main project.
So we may not want every commit to be automatically syncd with my local repository.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?


Forks:  It is basically a clone of a repository on some users' github account to mine. It is done if i need to borrow the users' code and add my own modifications
	nut i do not have permission to modify his/her repository.

Clones: It is a clone of a users' repository located anywhere online or offline to my local drive.


Branches: In some cases when i am a clolaborator or coworker. I have the permission to modify someone's repository. I may do so by creating a new branch which follows a 
	  a different worlflow but builds on the authors original code say on the master branch.	



What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?


A local copy of the state of the remote is stored locally as origin/master. This is helpful beacuse if we are offline at work (locally) we can still make commits whic are ahead of the origin/master.
Later when we are connected we can sync the changes by pushing them to github. This updates the orogin/master i.e the state of the remote.
Another benefit is if i am workng locally and one of my collaborators decides to make a change on git hub and commit it. My remote gets changed. I can then update my remote using git fetch which 
creates a new branch locally which is different from my master branch. This we can merge together with the origin/master. The same thing is done if just issue the command git pull
on my remote repository.