What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When i initialize a repository i need to type git init in the directory i want to create my repository in. It will give me the message that a git repository has been initialised 
at the current directory. Then typing git status will show me the number of files in my directory as untracked as well as tell me initial commit and on branch master.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

Staging area is the intermediate stage provided by git wher u can put your files which you want to commit before making the actual commit. 
It is valuable as it allows us to make a choice as to which files in the repository we want to be tracked by git and which ones we want to keep out. 


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I can place the file in which i made the logical change in the staging area and make the commit giving an apropriate commit message.
then i can make a seperate commit for a different logical change 

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?


Branches are helpful when i want to implement some new sometimes experimental feature in my project whose pregress is to be tracked parallely but seperately wrt my main project
in such situations branches can be useful.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?


Diagrams help in better understanding the structure of my git repository after the introduction of branches. It also drives home the concepts of reachability and 
detached head. 


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?


Merging two branches together merges the changes in code tha were introduced by the two branches ogether and makes it one single branch.
We represent it that way cos the branches diverge as they differ in there backdrop and when they are merged the two lines are joined.



What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?



The pros are automatic merging are we do not need to check the changes made by both the branches that would be tedious
Cons are sometime when there are changes made on a common piece of code then git is not entirely sure which change to keep int the merged commit. this causes a conflict
and the author has to look into the conflict and resolve it manually.